Now that you have your server,
you'll need a logical method for
organizing and storing the files that make up your website.
You may even want to pull data from a database for display on your site,
and as you consider high availability and high performance,
you may even want to speed up the delivery of
your site by caching large image files or videos.
In this lesson, I will teach you about storage in
the cloud and show you how to organize and store your files.
Next, I will show you how to process transactions in a relational database.
I will also introduce you to the concept of a data warehouse and even in NoSQL database.
We will wrap up with me showing you how to use
a content delivery network to speed up the delivery of your website.
So let's get started.